===
	category: log
	title: surfing
===
=June 23rd,Safefy Monday=

Knowledge: Beach safety. Tide and Tide pond（beach pond), which is dangerous. Flag will tell you the wind direction. Flag (Yellow with Black circle inside) stands for "no surfing" where you can only swim

Surfing: Need a large board for me to begin. The smaller the board, the harder the surfing is. 
1. Pop up:  two ways of doing it. The key is to have hands hold in line with chest, and have chest up. 
2. paddling: It's very important in surfing. 半握拳，深划水，左右交替，不要着急——这个还是需要学习爬泳

Summary and thoughts: Surfing is not easy. But when you ride on the wave and hold your balance, you feel it, and it was great. Essentially, surfing is to understand the ocean. Ocean is hte boss, and we play with it. I need to learn how to understand the waves, where does is start, where does it break, where should I ride, etc. 
--You have to understand the ocean, this is important.

=June 24th, Tide Monday=

Knowledge: What is tide, and how it affects surfing. High-tide v.s. Low-tide. High-tide waves break near the shore whereas low tide waves break away from the shore.

***Wave check before surfing*** 
Always check the waves and life-guard station before surfing. Surfline.com / wetsand.com have the surf report.

Surfing: Paddling is today's key. Finally learnt how to paddle in a relatively good way and I paddled out. Pop-up is making progresses, but not quite good. You have to paddle once more when you start to feel the wave is pushing you. Timing is important. Not too early, not too late. If it is too early, there's no enough power to send you; if it is too late, you'll be overwhelmed by waves. 

Summary and thoughts: Still, understanding the waves are important. Look at two or three waves ahead, predict where it breaks. When there's a good wave, turn, jump up the board, and paddle.

=June 25th, Wave Wednesday=

Knowledge: Understand the waves. There are three kinds of waves: beach wave, reef wave, and the third(I forgot the name). Wind plays a major role in shaping waves, together with the tide. Off shore wind is better than on shore wind because it will rise up waves and hold it. On shore wind makes the wave smaller in size and faster in speed. 

Surfing: Today's goal was going outside. I went outside, paddling is fine, and going outside the wave is nicer and the sea is more peaceful because waves break near shore. However, I am not good at swimming. So when I was flipped up by the wave in the ocean and I cannot land on the sand, I was drowned. I drunk two mouthful of water and finally saved by one instructor. Swimming is very important if I want to go to outside. More important is to know how to get head out of water to breath out of the ocean. I always have my head down in the water. 

Summary and thoughts: Bad experience of going outside. I am still too immature to play with the ocean. Go back to learn treading the water!!

=June 26th, Eco Thursday=

Knowledge: It's important to protect the eco-system of the ocean. Today's talk doesn't have a lot information though

Surfing: Much better in pop-up and paddling. Got a bunch of wave and feels good. Short-sleeve wetsuit is not as protective as long-sleeve, so in the future I'll need to buy a long-sleeve one.  Pop-up 要干净利落，还是要多多练习一步pop-up的动作，从撑起来到站起来要干脆。

Riding waves: If it is clear wave, it will lift the back-end up and front-end down, so I need to put more weight in back in order to lift the front-end and keep the balance. If it is white water wave, I need to move my body-center a little forward to have the front-end down, just lying on the wave, parellel-ly, and ride the wave forward. 

Eyes should always look at where I was tring to go. Never look down. Keep head up and eye looking at far away.

Body should be up! But not to straight which will lose my control. Supple, like martial art!
 
Summary and thoughts: Go to the Gym and build up the power of my body! Pop-up need a lot of push ups and core-abs need to be strong as well. 

=June 27th, Fun Friday=

Knowledge: Nothing but having fun

Surfing: Exhausted by the waves because they are really powerful. Got a bunch of good waves and started to move the center of the body along the board in order to keep balance. Good try. 

Summary and thoughts: still unable to surf alone. Need help from others to ride on the wave. I just need more practice. 

Five-day surfing camp is not enough. It is just a beginning. Nothing really more than I learned during that 1 hour in Bali, but got more experience in the ocean -- this is really good. Surfing is all about understanding the ocean. 

The ocean is magnificent. Although I cannot say that I love the ocean, at least I respect it, and that's enough for me right now. 

Surfing is fun, but it is not easy. Riding on the wave and coming back to the shore feel great, but most of time are waiting or failing. You have to wait for a good wave/timing and ride it properly. It's hard, it's challenging, it's not a fun to fail a lot, but it's fun when you succeed every once in a while. 