Pacific Highway Road-Trip

=First day=

Destination: 
	1. Malibu Beach (Quiet, rich area, cliff and lonely beach)
	2. Santa Barbara (nice place, didn't find a good place on campus, surfing is everywhere)
	3. Elephant seal Rockery (lovely place to see lazy, relaxing elephant seal)
	4. Piedras Blancas Light house （now only by appointment, so didn't enter)

=Second day=

Destination:
	1. Hearst Castle (Great place, definitely need to go; where the beauty starts)
	2. Around Ragged Point (wind, long road in the mountain. Ocean on the left, mountain on the right)
	3. Big Sur (Pfeifer Beach is a good secret place, state park has been closed, didn't see the fall)
	4. Monterey / 17 miles (It's a beautiful place. 17-mile drive is a seashore fantasy as well as richmen place, but I personally like the ocean view ave. This lovely colorful little town deserves a stay)
	5. Half moon bay (sunset is good)
	6. San Francisco (just arrived)

=Third day=

Destination
	1. Facebook
	2. Twitter
	3. Google

=Fourth day=

Destination
	1. San Francisco (Lombard st. & Golden Gate, really hilly, Jones road goes up and down like a hill, and the road is really steep)
	2. Eureka: The road to Eureka is really, really winding. It took me long time to arrive at Eureka when it was 11:00 p.m at night. However, the road was scenic, and I saw Elk. I picked up a hitchhiker who is an anarchist. Interesting. 

=Fifth day=

Destination
	1. Redwood National Park (The big tree is really impressive. All the way along the redwood is magnificent; Drive through tree is also impressive, but to artificial.)
	2. Oregon Coast Highway: Not as close to the coast as CA Route 1. When the road is between the woods, it looks great; Missed Bandon Sunset because I was too early when I arrived Bandon; Near Coos bay, I saw lots of logging and lumber along the road in the ground, which was HUGE.   
	3. Florence (Coastal small Town; get FINED $160 because of overspeed)

=Sixth day=

Destination
	1. Sand Master Park
	2. Astoria
	3. Seattle